 
Set 1

1	Object-oriented programming uses classes and objects. What are classes and what are objects? What is the relationship between classes and objects?
2	Explain carefully what null means in Java, and why this special value is necessary.
3	What are the three parts of a simple empty class explain with example?
4	What is a constructor? What is the purpose of a constructor in a class?
5	What is meant by the terms instance variable and instance method?
6	Explain what is meant by the terms subclass and superclass.
7	Explain the term polymorphism.
8	Java uses "garbage collection" for memory management. Explain what is meant here by garbage collection. What is the alternative to garbage collection?
9	Bring out the importance of inheritance with the help of an example?
10	When do we declare the members of the class as static explain with example?
11	When do we declare a method or class as final explain with example?
12	What is the advantage of using “this” keyword, explain?
13	Explain about inner classes with an example?
15	Explain the use of super() method in invoking a constructor?
16	When does a base class variable get hidden, Give reasons?
17	Explain with an example how we can access a hidden base class variable?
18 	What is meant by instance block ?
19	What is meant by static block?
20	Explain when to use instance block , static block and constructor
21	What do you mean by PIE principles?

Set 2

1	What is JDK?
2	What is JRE?
3	What is JIT compiler?
4	What is Class Loader?
5	What is Byte Code Verifier?
6	What is a Compiler?
7	What is an Interpreter?
8	What is the difference between a Compiler and Interpreter?
9	What are the components of JVM?
10	What is Platform Independent?
11	How does Java achieve Platform independence?
12	How to access command line arguments?
13	What are the data types in Java and what are their sizes?
14	How do you declare an array in Java?
15	How do you find the length of an array in Java?
16	What are all the characteristic features of Java Programming language?
